CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

We love pull requests from everyone. By participating in this project, you
agree to abide by our [code of conduct][coc].

Developer setup steps are covered in the [README][dev setup]. This file explains how our
dev process works. These are just guidelines; nothing here is intended to be
rigid or confusing. If you'd like to contribute and don't understand something
here, reach out on IRC, and we'll be happy to offer solutions.

[mozcoc]: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation
[coc]: https://github.com/mozilla/idea-town/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[dev setup]: https://github.com/mozilla/idea-town#development

### Saying Hello

If you're new to the project, please say hello in IRC! We can help you succeed
by finding issues that are a good fit for your skills/interests, and ensuring
you have a contact person to guide you through the bug fixing process, answer
any questions, and help if you get stuck.

Find us in #ideatown on Mozilla IRC. If you need help with IRC setup,
the Mozilla [wiki][wiki] has instructions.

[wiki]: https://wiki.mozilla.org/IRC

### Contributing code

We use the same process for community members and paid staff.

#### Branches

Fork the project and create one branch per bug on your personal repo.

The branch name should describe the bug, not the fix. It should start with the bug number, and include a very short description of the bug, or a short version of
the bug's title, like `150-broken-image-data`.

#### Commit messages

Commit messages should generally follow [this helpful advice][commit], but please
start your commit message with "Fixes #nn:", which eases skimming history later.
For this reason, the first line will tend to be longer than the 50 chars suggested
in that article; aim to keep it less than 72 chars.

[commit]: http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html

#### Submitting the pull request

When you submit a pull request, please use the description field to explain in words
the overall intention of your changes. A few sentences should be plenty. It's also
ok to reuse the commit message, if you included a lot of discussion there.

At this point you're waiting on us. We like to at least comment on pull requests
within three business days (and, typically, one business day). We may suggest
some changes or improvements or alternatives.

#### Reviews

We try to avoid landing any code without at least a cursory review.

Reviewers will run through roughly the following checklist:
- Does the code do what it says it does?
- Is the proposed fix the right fix? Does it address the underlying cause of the bug?
- Is the code as simple as possible, while still addressing the issue? Are there unnecessary abstractions or optimizations?
- Does the code make sense? Can you understand it on a localized and global level?
- Does the code belong where it is? Is there a better place to put it?
- Does the code fit the overall style? This includes simple syntactic choices, as well as following broader patterns/architectural approaches used elsewhere in the codebase.
- Are there enough comments in the code? If commented code was changed, have the comments been updated?
- Are class, function, event, and variable names descriptive? Do they match the existing style?
- Are boundary cases considered?
- Are error cases handled?

(Once we have some tests, the reviewer will check that all the tests are passing,
and that any new tests cover the changed code paths / cases adequately.)

#### Merging

When a pull request has passed review, the reviewer generally merges the code.



Note: This guide is based on [the CONTRIBUTING.md file](https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl_rails/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) written by thoughtbot for the [factory_girl_rails](https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl_rails) project.

Commit message:

fixes #147: add tests for the client, running in browser and headless, add TESTING.md documentation for tests, add reference to TESTING.md to CONTRIBUTING.md. coverage support with npm script `test:cov`,run tests in browser with `test:browser`, watch with `test:browser:live`, run headless with `test:client`, general tests with`test:general` and all with `test`.
Added Dependencies include:
tape - tap test runner.
tape-dom - tape dom reporter
testling - headless test runner
require-globify - require file globs(used for browser tests)
faucet - tape pretty formatter(reporter)
budo - tiny dev server for browser tests
coverify - coverage reports

Updated tox.ini for running headless tests in travisci

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

We love pull requests from everyone. By participating in this project, you
agree to abide by our [code of conduct][coc].

Developer setup steps are covered in the [README][dev setup]. This file explains how our
dev process works. These are just guidelines; nothing here is intended to be
rigid or confusing. If you'd like to contribute and don't understand something
here, reach out on IRC, and we'll be happy to offer solutions.

[mozcoc]: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation
[coc]: https://github.com/mozilla/idea-town/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[dev setup]: https://github.com/mozilla/idea-town#development

### Saying Hello

If you're new to the project, please say hello in IRC! We can help you succeed
by finding issues that are a good fit for your skills/interests, and ensuring
you have a contact person to guide you through the bug fixing process, answer
any questions, and help if you get stuck.

Find us in #ideatown on Mozilla IRC. If you need help with IRC setup,
the Mozilla [wiki][wiki] has instructions.

[wiki]: https://wiki.mozilla.org/IRC

### Contributing code

We use the same process for community members and paid staff.

#### Tests
Tests should be written for new code contributed.
* [server tests example](idea_town/experiments/tests.py)
* [client tests example](idea_town/frontend/static-src/test/)

[Further docs on testing](./TESTING.md).

#### Branches

Fork the project and create one branch per bug on your personal repo.

The branch name should describe the bug, not the fix. It should start with the bug number, and include a very short description of the bug, or a short version of
the bug's title, like `150-broken-image-data`.

#### Commit messages

Commit messages should generally follow [this helpful advice][commit], but please
start your commit message with "Fixes #nn:", which eases skimming history later.
For this reason, the first line will tend to be longer than the 50 chars suggested
in that article; aim to keep it less than 72 chars.

[commit]: http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html

#### Submitting the pull request

When you submit a pull request, please use the description field to explain in words
the overall intention of your changes. A few sentences should be plenty. It's also
ok to reuse the commit message, if you included a lot of discussion there.

At this point you're waiting on us. We like to at least comment on pull requests
within three business days (and, typically, one business day). We may suggest
some changes or improvements or alternatives.

#### Reviews

We try to avoid landing any code without at least a cursory review.

Reviewers will run through roughly the following checklist:
- Does the code do what it says it does?
- Is the proposed fix the right fix? Does it address the underlying cause of the bug?
- Is the code as simple as possible, while still addressing the issue? Are there unnecessary abstractions or optimizations?
- Does the code make sense? Can you understand it on a localized and global level?
- Does the code belong where it is? Is there a better place to put it?
- Does the code fit the overall style? This includes simple syntactic choices, as well as following broader patterns/architectural approaches used elsewhere in the codebase.
- Are there enough comments in the code? If commented code was changed, have the comments been updated?
- Are class, function, event, and variable names descriptive? Do they match the existing style?
- Are boundary cases considered?
- Are error cases handled?
- All tests and linting pass on travisci?
- Are there tests for new/changed code?

#### Merging

When a pull request has passed review, the reviewer generally merges the code.



Note: This guide is based on [the CONTRIBUTING.md file](https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl_rails/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) written by thoughtbot for the [factory_girl_rails](https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl_rails) project.
