docs/development/deployment.md, before:

[👈 Back to README](../../README.md)

This document details the process we use to deploy Test Pilot to our stage and production environments.

## Overview of schedule ##

(you can read more below)

- Thursday at 1pm PST the train is cut, all code is in.
- Thursday at 4pm PST we tag and push stage, and send email out.
- Friday is a buffer day.
- Monday at regular stand-up we review anything that Softvision found and fix it.
- Tuesday at 8am PST we push and Softvision verifies.

## Softvision ##

Softvision is our embedded QA team. Their main functions are to write test plans and verify deployments.

## Team Notification ##

During the checkin before the end of the [current milestone](https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/milestones), an email will be sent to our distribution list (`testpilot-dev@mozilla.com`) informing the team that we will be building a release against `master`.

Note: we auto deploy the master branch to our *development environment*: [http://testpilot.dev.mozaws.net](http://testpilot.dev.mozaws.net)

## Tag Release ##

This will happen on Thursday at the end of sprint.

1. https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/releases/new
2. Tag Version: YYYY-MM-DD (append -N if more than one release is tagged on a given day: 2016-04-08-1)
3. Release Title: YYYY-MM-DD
4. Click `Publish`
5. Wait for CircleCI to confirm that the release has passed ([tags uploaded to container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mozilla/testpilot/tags/)).

Please be as detailed as possible in the release notes. Examples - [2016-07-05](https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/releases/tag/2016-07-05), [2016-06-06](https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/releases/tag/2016-06-06)

## Request Deployment ##

This will happen on Thursday at the end of sprint.

Once we've confirmed our release passed CircleCI, and we've confirmed that it is uploaded into the container, we need to request for Ops to deploy to stage.

This is done via a deployment bug.

Example: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1287228 ([click here to clone](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=Cloud%20Services&cloned_bug_id=1287228&format=__default__))

Be sure to keep the same folks on the CC list as in the example bug.

## Deployed Stage ##

This will happen on Thursday at the end of sprint.

Ops will inform us once we are deployed to our *staging environment*: [http://testpilot.stage.mozaws.net](http://testpilot.stage.mozaws.net).

## Test Stage ##

This will happen on Thursday at the end of sprint.

Send out an email notification to `testpilot-dev@mozilla.com` to please test the staging environment. [Example](https://mail.mozilla.org/pipermail/testpilot-dev/2016-July/000198.html).

Include Softvision and the bug link in the email notification.

Follow the steps in the ["Test Pilot Deployment Verification Test Plan" doc](DEPLOYMENT-VERIFICATION.md) to verify that the site works as expected.

## Report Issues & Status ##

Any issues should be reported in the deployment bug.

If no issues are found, Softvision will note in the bug.

**Test Pilot team is still responsible for final approval for push to production.**

On the following Monday, during our checkin, Softvision will give us an update on status of stage.

## Approve Production ##

Once we are comfortable that the site has been tested, update the bug with approval to move to our *production environment*: [http://testpilot.firefox.com](http://testpilot.firefox.com).

We'll target Tuesday 8AM PST for deployment.

## Verify Production ##

Softvision will verify production for us, and report any bugs on Tuesday.

## Rolling Back/Forward Process ##

If something is found that requires an immediate change to production (or staging) code, please follow the below guidelines.

In all cases, engineering will have the final approval on the roll back.

Ideally, we should "roll forward" with `git revert` to undo problematic commits and push a new release. Of course, that's also problematic if we don't know what commits caused a problem. Or if the problematic commits also included the database migrations - in which case, we also need to pair the `git revert` with a commit that undoes the migration.

## Producing a Static Build ##

From a fresh check-out, producing a static build can be done like so:

```
git clone https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot.git
cd addon
npm install
npm run sign  # Requires AMO credentials in AMO_USER and AMO_SECRET env vars
npm run package  # No AMO credentials required, but the add-on is unsigned
cd ..
npm install
NODE_ENV=production ENABLE_PONTOON=0 npm run static
```

After all the above commands, you should have an optimized static build of the
site in the `dist` directory.

The `NODE_ENV` variable in the last command can be set to `development` to
produce a build that's easier to debug, at the expense of JS bundle size and
performance.

The `ENABLE_PONTOON` variable can be set to `1` if you want to include a
`<script>` tag that loads JS from [the Pontoon localization
service](https://pontoon.mozilla.org/) - something we generally do not want to
do in production environments (see [#1356](https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/issues/1356)).

Commit message:

update deployment docs with new static commands

docs/development/deployment.md, after:

[👈 Back to README](../../README.md)

This document details the process we use to deploy Test Pilot to our stage and production environments.

## Overview of schedule ##

(you can read more below)

- Thursday at 1pm PST the train is cut, all code is in.
- Thursday at 4pm PST we tag and push stage, and send email out.
- Friday is a buffer day.
- Monday at regular stand-up we review anything that Softvision found and fix it.
- Tuesday at 8am PST we push and Softvision verifies.

## Softvision ##

Softvision is our embedded QA team. Their main functions are to write test plans and verify deployments.

## Team Notification ##

During the checkin before the end of the [current milestone](https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/milestones), an email will be sent to our distribution list (`testpilot-dev@mozilla.com`) informing the team that we will be building a release against `master`.

Note: we auto deploy the master branch to our *development environment*: [http://testpilot.dev.mozaws.net](http://testpilot.dev.mozaws.net)

## Tag Release ##

This will happen on Thursday at the end of sprint.

1. https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/releases/new
2. Tag Version: YYYY-MM-DD (append -N if more than one release is tagged on a given day: 2016-04-08-1)
3. Release Title: YYYY-MM-DD
4. Click `Publish`
5. Wait for CircleCI to confirm that the release has passed ([tags uploaded to container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mozilla/testpilot/tags/)).

Please be as detailed as possible in the release notes. Examples - [2016-07-05](https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/releases/tag/2016-07-05), [2016-06-06](https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/releases/tag/2016-06-06)

## Push to Stage ##

This will happen on Thursday at the end of sprint.

1. `git checkout stage-static`
2. `git reset --hard YYYY-MM-DD`  # whatever your tag name is
3. `git push mozilla stage-static -f`  # Replace `mozilla` with whatever you name your upstream.  The `-f` is only necessary if we cherry-picked patches when we pushed last time.

Notifications of successful deployment will appear on IRC.

## Test Stage ##

This will happen on Thursday at the end of sprint.

Send out an email notification to `testpilot-dev@mozilla.com` to please test the staging environment. [Example](https://mail.mozilla.org/pipermail/testpilot-dev/2016-July/000198.html).

Include Softvision and the bug link in the email notification.

Follow the steps in the ["Test Pilot Deployment Verification Test Plan" doc](DEPLOYMENT-VERIFICATION.md) to verify that the site works as expected.

## Report Issues & Status ##

Any issues should be reported in the deployment bug.

If no issues are found, Softvision will note in the bug.

**Test Pilot team is still responsible for final approval for push to production.**

On the following Monday, during our checkin, Softvision will give us an update on status of stage.

## Deploy Production ##

Once we are comfortable that the site has been tested:

1. `git checkout production-static`
2. `git reset --hard YYYY-MM-DD`  # whatever your tag name is
3. `git push mozilla production-static -f`  # Replace `mozilla` with whatever you name your upstream.  The `-f` is only necessary if we cherry-picked patches when we pushed last time.

Notifications of successful deployment will appear on IRC.

We'll target Tuesday 8AM PST for deployment.

## Verify Production ##

Softvision will verify production for us, and report any bugs on Tuesday.

## Rolling Back/Forward Process ##

If something is found that requires an immediate change to production (or staging) code, please follow the below guidelines.

In all cases, engineering will have the final approval on the roll back.

Ideally, we should "roll forward" with `git revert` to undo problematic commits and push a new release. Of course, that's also problematic if we don't know what commits caused a problem. Or if the problematic commits also included the database migrations - in which case, we also need to pair the `git revert` with a commit that undoes the migration.

## Producing a Static Build ##

From a fresh check-out, producing a static build can be done like so:

```
git clone https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot.git
cd addon
npm install
npm run sign  # Requires AMO credentials in AMO_USER and AMO_SECRET env vars
npm run package  # No AMO credentials required, but the add-on is unsigned
cd ..
npm install
NODE_ENV=production ENABLE_PONTOON=0 npm run static
```

After all the above commands, you should have an optimized static build of the
site in the `dist` directory.

The `NODE_ENV` variable in the last command can be set to `development` to
produce a build that's easier to debug, at the expense of JS bundle size and
performance.

The `ENABLE_PONTOON` variable can be set to `1` if you want to include a
`<script>` tag that loads JS from [the Pontoon localization
service](https://pontoon.mozilla.org/) - something we generally do not want to
do in production environments (see [#1356](https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/issues/1356)).
