docs/DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

This document details the process we use to deploy Test Pilot to our stage and production environments.

## Team Notification ##

During the checkin before the end of the [current milestone](https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/milestones), an email will be sent to our distribution list (`testpilot-dev@mozilla.com`) informing the team that we will be building a release against `master`.

Note: we auto deploy the master branch to our *development environment*: [http://testpilot.dev.mozaws.net](http://testpilot.dev.mozaws.net)

## Tag Release ##

On the Monday after the milestone closes, Tag the release.

1. https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/releases/new
2. Tag Version: YYYY-MM-DD (append -N if more than one release is tagged on a given day: 2016-04-08-1)
3. Release Title: YYYY-MM-DD
4. Click `Publish`
5. Wait for CircleCI to confirm that the release has passed ([tags uploaded to container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mozilla/testpilot/tags/)).

## Request Deployment ##

Once we've confirmed our release passed CircleCI, and we've confirmed that it is uploaded into the container, we need to request for Ops to deploy to stage.

This is done via a deployment bug.

Example: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1263682

## Deployed Stage ##

Ops will inform us once we are deployed to our *staging environment*: [http://testpilot.stage.mozaws.net](http://testpilot.stage.mozaws.net).

## Test Stage ##

Send out an email notification to `testpilot-dev@mozilla.com` to please test the staging environment.

We have a [list of steps for basic functionality](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cYelgp7dPwHD1eQIs4POgFqF2NOzxmVpKP4rnPR-RDA/edit), but new features should also be tested.

## Approve Production ##

Once we are comfortable that the site has been tested, update the bug with approval to move to our *production environment*: [http://testpilot.firefox.com](http://testpilot.firefox.com).

Commit message:

Add QA deployment verification doc

docs/DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

This document details the process we use to deploy Test Pilot to our stage and production environments.

## Team Notification ##

During the checkin before the end of the [current milestone](https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/milestones), an email will be sent to our distribution list (`testpilot-dev@mozilla.com`) informing the team that we will be building a release against `master`.

Note: we auto deploy the master branch to our *development environment*: [http://testpilot.dev.mozaws.net](http://testpilot.dev.mozaws.net)

## Tag Release ##

On the Monday after the milestone closes, Tag the release.

1. https://github.com/mozilla/testpilot/releases/new
2. Tag Version: YYYY-MM-DD (append -N if more than one release is tagged on a given day: 2016-04-08-1)
3. Release Title: YYYY-MM-DD
4. Click `Publish`
5. Wait for CircleCI to confirm that the release has passed ([tags uploaded to container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mozilla/testpilot/tags/)).

## Request Deployment ##

Once we've confirmed our release passed CircleCI, and we've confirmed that it is uploaded into the container, we need to request for Ops to deploy to stage.

This is done via a deployment bug.

Example: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1263682

## Deployed Stage ##

Ops will inform us once we are deployed to our *staging environment*: [http://testpilot.stage.mozaws.net](http://testpilot.stage.mozaws.net).

## Test Stage ##

Send out an email notification to `testpilot-dev@mozilla.com` to please test the staging environment.

We have a [list of steps for basic functionality](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cYelgp7dPwHD1eQIs4POgFqF2NOzxmVpKP4rnPR-RDA/edit), but new features should also be tested.

Follow the steps in the ["Test Pilot Deployment Verification Test Plan" doc](DEPLOYMENT-VERIFICATION.md) to verify that the site works as expected.

## Approve Production ##

Once we are comfortable that the site has been tested, update the bug with approval to move to our *production environment*: [http://testpilot.firefox.com](http://testpilot.firefox.com).
